- General intro
    How would you describe yourself in a sentence?
        - chatty, sociable, accepting, helping (games, crafts)
    How do you spend your free time?
B       - 3-4 days/wk streaming (twitch), etsy crochet/earrings
N       - learn bass? (goal)

- Discord Voice Chat
    What do you use Discord for?
B       - connection with people, streamers
B       - in 30 servers, active in 5
        - IRL and virtual friends
B       - active in IRL friends servers, Final Fantasy, and streaming buddies
C       - inactive in other interest-related servers
    What do you use voice chat for? 
B       - every other day
B       - multiplayer games
B       - streaming games (more intimate, with friends)
B       - d&d
    Can you describe a typical voice/video session?
B       - one person gathers a group for a MP game
        - people join voice
B       - possibly one person streaming if others don't want to join or can't
B       - others might kibbitz

- Bots
    Tell me about any bots you use.
        - a music bot in one of her IRL ones
N       - go-live announcement bots
N       - welcome bots (sending rules)
N       - scheduling bots for FF events
    What do you like about the bots you use? 
C       - welcome - signing up for roles, unlocking channels
            - integrated with FF gameplay
    Tell me about the easiest-to-use bot you've encountered.
N       - short command list (5 commands for music bot)
            - least commands possible
            - one command with several params is better than many commands
    Which servers need a bot?
C       - FF servers for organization - help to limit information overflow

- Soundboards
    Where have you encountered soundboards?
B       - uses one on her stream
B       - Streamdeck
            - exists physically; she uses digitally
N           - programs keys on keyboard to sounds
N           - can play to twitch
B           - 5-6 is the right number for Erica
                - these are rewards for people to choose from
N               - a lot to scroll
                - maybe changes with scale?
B       - 2-3 regulars, the rest get rotated every few months
    What kinds of clips belong in a soundboard?
N       - memes
        - vine refs
        - Windows error noises
        - reactions (laugh, clap)
    How should a soundboard's controls feel?
N       - not too much
N       - mobile UI unideal--dont always want to use phone
N       - easy change

- Etc.
    How did you decide to add a bot to a server? OR
    How do you discover new mobile apps to install? OR
    Tell me about a time you decided to install a browser extension.

- Finish on high note
    If you could capture any audio you hear at will, where would you replay it?
N       - perfect timing: someone says something, then a well-timed game event punctuates
            -e.g. "well that went well," followed by in-game explosion


- other notes: 
N   download clips from hippo


INTERPRETATION:
Erica is a Twitch streamer and finds being highly visible on social platforms rewarding. She uses
Discord both to keep up with friends (mostly IRL--the usual pattern), and also to participate in the
online societies she belongs to. She is comfortable using tools to help her manage the complexity of
her online presence; she finds this normal, if not natural. In spite of her above-average comfort
with all things digital, she finds the largeness of some Discord communities off-putting. She still
needs her tools to be quick, simple, and intuitive to use, both for her benefit while streaming and
for the sake of her viewers, who also use them. She is also willing to do some legwork herself (e.g.
by downloading clips created through Hippo) to enhance her online presence.
