- General intro
    How would you describe yourself in a sentence?
        - Regular person
    How do you spend your free time?
B       - Reading (scifi/fantasy)
B       - Drawing
B       - D&D

- Discord Voice Chat
    What do you use Discord for?
B       - D&D
B       - hang out to play games (Jackbox, Among Us, etc.)
B       - paint with artists
            - servers hosting study sessions
N           - screen sharing while everyone draws something (shared either through stream or a photo)
N           - everyone in voice room, with separate channel for chat
    What do you use voice chat for? 
        - see above
B       - talk to friends (in place of phone calls)
    Can you describe a typical voice/video session?
        - RPGs: dispersed college friends
            - join chat, join Roll 20, start playing
            - time frame: 7-12pm

- Bots
    Tell me about any bots you use.
        - Only on Discord
        - FredBoat for music
        - Hippo
        - another person's personal music bot
    What do you like about the bots you use? 
N       - simplicity
N       - cheat sheet (a page listing commands on a website)
N       - FredBoat had a UI
    If you don't use any bots, why?
    Tell me about the easiest-to-use bot you've encountered.
        - all pretty similar
N       - visual UI is nice
    Which servers need a bot?

- Soundboards
    Where have you encountered soundboards?
B       - seen on Twitch
    What kinds of clips belong in a soundboard?
N       - sound effects
N       - music controls (for moods)
N           - she likes the combined controls
N           - soundboard to manage playlists would be nice
    How should a soundboard's controls feel?
N       - buttons with images
            - UI vs. physical is immaterial
N           - 10 seems like the max
N           - organization (folders, pages) for large numbers
N               - examples: by moods, by context when you'd want to play them

- Etc.
    How did you decide to add a bot to a server? OR
    How do you discover new mobile apps to install? OR
    Tell me about a time you decided to install a browser extension.

- Finish on high note
    If you could capture any audio you hear at will, where would you replay it?
N       - moments you want to remember: funny, emotional
N           - replay as memories or to share with people (group reliving)
            - not necessarily speech
            - might be good to edit out distracting details (e.g. a caugh in a concert)


INTERPRETATION:
Sydney is a visual person who prefers to minimize text instructions/interactions. For her, Discord
is more advanced telephone to talk to her friends. She prefers reactive interfaces with plenty of
visual documentation over text. She also thinks of audio bots as providing ambiance more than
spontaneous enhancements to a moment, so she is willing to sacrifice immediate responsiveness for
more explicit, centralized controls.
