
- General intro
    How would you describe yourself in a sentence?
        - writer, gamer, engineer
        - better at engineering than elevator pitches
    How do you spend your free time?
B       - used to be very active on Kongregate (as a social gaming platform)
            - met parter on K text chat
B       - 80% playing games (video games)
B       - into lore/warhammer 40k
            - youtube content
            - books

- Discord Voice Chat
    What do you use Discord for?
B       - following 3-4 Twitch streamers, interact in their communities
B           - Discord is primary/only form of Twitch streamer community (no other social media)
            - < 100 person communities
B           - posting personal photos, memes
B           - text chat almost exclusively
B           - some movie night things (e.g. via Amazon watch party)
B       - playing games with friends
            - some are streamers
        - prefers smaller Discord servers
    What do you use voice chat for? 
B       - D&D
B       - gaming, aforementioned movies
B       - essentially a group call
    Can you describe that?
B       - either 1-on-1
B       - either one person screen sharing while playing or everyone shooting the shit over a game

- Bots
    Tell me about any bots you use.
        - Discord: 
            - name color change
            - moderation bots
            - greeters
            - fan art server: bot to push art to a gallery
    What do you like about the bots you use? 
N       - simple commands: fan art bot is activated by an emoji
N           - doesn't want Discord interaction to be a major attention sink
    If you don't use any bots, why?
    Tell me about the easiest-to-use bot you've encountered.
B/N     - color bot: `;<hexcode>`
    Which bots are essential to a community?
N       - pronoun bot: react with an emoji to get pronoun labels for a server
N       - bots that limit channel availability to prevent information overload

- Soundboards
    Where have you encountered soundboards?
B       - had a Futurama soundboard
            - page with 50 buttons that activate sound clips
N           - trolling friends
N           - phone app (plays through speakers)
    What kinds of clips belong in a soundboard?
N       - memes (clips from popular content: youtubes, TV)
N       - clips from Twitch streamers
    How should a soundboard's controls feel?
N       - buttons on a phone app were nice
N           - finding the right clip among 50 was hard
N           - quick access is important
N           - searching by clip content

- Finish on high note
    If you could capture any audio you hear at will, where would you replay it?
N       - quoting popular media: play clips rather than verbally quote


INTERPRETATION:
Zak is a verbal person and one of the most gaming-social-media tuned in I've interviewed. His
preference for searching clips by name, and his opinion of ;<hexcode> as a "simple" command, reflect
his preference for text interactions. He values this in part because it is asynchronous; he doesn't
want his communication medium to compete for attention with his main priorities, which are gaming
and enjoying the company of his friends online.
